Ferda does not work with installed both .NET Framework 1.x and 2.0, only 2.0 have to be installed. This bug is there because Ice is compilled with .NET Framework 1.x and if you have installed .NET 1.x, IceBox will be started with this version of framework, but it have to load .NET 2.0 assemblies dynamicaly, but it is not possible. This bug will be repaired with new version of Ice, which will be done for .NET Framework 2.0.

Ferda does not show progress while executes tasks over (old) LISp-Miner tasks and executing is quite slow. The time before showing *Gen progress dialog is spent by geting all configurations form all connected boxes, conversion of this setting to setting understandable for LISp-Miners Gens (because boxes of Ferda are providing exteneded functionality), but some configurations are not so trivial e.g. all Dynamic Attributes has to (if it is not done yet) generate attribute setting (often according to actual data in analyzed database). After that all this configuration is stored in new LISp-Miner Empty Metabase (Microsoft Access database connected by ODBC driver) point is that it can be often more than thousands of records i.e. thousands of queries. (This step is naturally slower than working with LISp-Miner implementation becase there is all configuration saved immediately after setting ... this is not possible in Ferda because replication (copying) of data would be very difficult because of many differences (for all we can mention "shared archive of partial cedent settings")). The time after *Gen progress dialog is also quite long but all operations for getting results from metabase are optimized (i.e. minimum of SQL queries are executed and most of work is made in memory).

Ferda does not support databases with only one exclusive access connections. It is caused by performance reasons because due working with this kind of databases (often ODBC drivers for text databases) all box modules (boxes) should get the ODBC connection when needed and than immediately close the connection. Opening and closing ODBC connection is very slow operation (about 1-3 sec.). Holding one shared connection for all box moduels is not possible because box modules can be installed and launching on other PCs.

This is not bug but rather answer to frequently asked question: Statistics for some columns are not shown. This is caused by the datatype of the column because many DB systems does not support aggregation functions over columns of some datatypes (e.g. BLOB, MEMO, ...). Computing of statistics without aggregation functions would be very, very slow and not effective and using this kind of columns for datamining is not very common, so we were not trying to slove this problem by own simulation of this functions.

Localization problem with the Czech and English names - some choices in the property
grid with the czech localization can be selected in czech, but then they are 
displayed again in English.

Docking bugs - sometimes when the user tries to make the docking area smaller, then
scrollbars appear (they are not needed there). Also sometimes the docking behaviour
is little weird, user wants to dock it somewhere, but the environment does not
allow it. These problem are caused by the docking imperfection of the docking 
library we use - DockDotNET. Switching to another library that has these
problems solved or fixing them in the DockDotNET(the library is no longer under
development) would fix these bugs.

Performance bug - slow redrawing of the archive. In projects with hunderts of  boxes,
each action that needs the archive to be reconstructed is quite slow (the more
boxes to be displayed, the slower the archive). We think that the problem is in
the slow implementation of the TreeView class in the .NET Framework. Although we
tried to use the whole list to be displayed in the archive at once, it performed
the same behaviour as in a adding the item in cycle.
